tracker-api.md, before:

# Tracker API Design

---

# Semesters
## `GET /semesters`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "semester" : String}, ...]`

## `POST /semesters`

Request Body: `{"semester" : String}`

Response: semester id (Integer)

Errors: 500 (if semester is already created)

Response: semester id (Integer)

# Semester
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "semester" : String, "classes" : [Integer]}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id does not exist)

## `DELETE /semesters/[semester_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found)

---

# Classes
## `GET /classes`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject" : "String"}, ... ]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes`

Request Body: `{"title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject": String}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found)

Response: class id (Integer)

# Class
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[classes_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"id" : Integer, "title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject": String, "assignments" : [Integer]}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found), 404 (if class id is not found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

Note: assignments contains a list of assignment ids

# RemoveClass
## `DELETE /classes/[class_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if class id wasn't found)

---

# Assignments
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments`

Request Body: `{"assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found)

Response: assignment id (Integer)

# Assignment
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

# RemoveAssignment
## `DELETE /assignments/[assignment_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if assignment id wasn't found)

---

# Submissions
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "actualTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "submissionTime" : DateTimeField}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions`

Request Body: `{"actualTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: submission id (Integer) + ", " + submission time (DateTime)

# Submission
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions/latest`
## `This request gets the "latest" submission`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"submissionNumber" : Integer, "actualTime" : Integer, "expectedTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "gradePercentage" : Decimal, "submissionTime" : DateTimeField, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "assignmentType" : String}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 404 (there are no submissions for this assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

---

# Feedbacks
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/feedback`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

# Feedback
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "gradePercentage" : Decimal, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 404 (if feedback does not exist), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`


Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback is already created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)

## `PUT /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`


Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback has not been created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)

## `PATCH /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`

Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback has not been created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)

Commit message:

Fully Tested the Semester, Class, and Assignments Resources in their respective test suites.
The ways in which I tested these before was extremely bad coding style and barely worked when I implemented the next suite. These tests work with the empty database, add and test everything, and then wipe the database clean at the end to guarantee the smooth operation of everything instead of working on a flimsy database of random elements.

tracker-api.md, after:

# Tracker API Design

---

# Semesters
## `GET /semesters`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "semester" : String}, ...]`

## `POST /semesters`

Request Body: `{"semester" : String}`

Response: semester id (Integer)

Errors: 500 (if semester is already created)

Response: semester id (Integer)

# Semester
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "semester" : String}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id does not exist)

## `DELETE /semesters/[semester_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found)

---

# Classes
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject" : "String"}, ... ]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes`

Request Body: `{"title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject": String}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found)

Response: class id (Integer)

# Class
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[classes_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"id" : Integer, "title" : String, "credit" : Integer, "subject": String, "assignments" : [Integer]}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id is not found), 404 (if class id is not found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

# RemoveClass
## `DELETE /classes/[class_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if class id wasn't found)

---

# Assignments
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments`

Request Body: `{"assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

Response: assignment id (Integer)

# Assignment
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"assignmentType" : String, "expectedTime" : Integer, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "gradePercentage" : Decimal}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

# RemoveAssignment
## `DELETE /assignments/[assignment_id]`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: 204 (No Content)

Errors: 404 (if assignment id wasn't found)

---

# Submissions
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "actualTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "submissionTime" : DateTimeField}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions`

Request Body: `{"actualTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: submission id (Integer) + ", " + submission time (DateTime)

# Submission
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/submissions/latest`
## `This request gets the "latest" submission`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"submissionNumber" : Integer, "actualTime" : Integer, "expectedTime" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "gradePercentage" : Decimal, "submissionTime" : DateTimeField, "dueDate" : DateTimeField, "assignmentType" : String}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 404 (there are no submissions for this assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

---

# Feedbacks
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/feedback`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `[{"id" : Integer, "actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}, ...]`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class)

# Feedback
## `GET /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`

NO REQUEST BODY

Response: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "expectedGrade" : Integer, "gradePercentage" : Decimal, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 404 (if feedback does not exist), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

## `POST /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`


Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback is already created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)

## `PUT /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`


Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer, "feedback" : String/Text}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback has not been created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)

## `PATCH /semesters/[semester_id]/classes/[class_id]/assignments/[assignment_id]/feedback`

Request Body: `{"actualGrade" : Integer}`

Errors: 404 (if semester id wasn't found), 404 (if class id wasn't found), 404 (if assignment id wasn't found), 500 (if feedback has not been created for that assignment), 500 (if class is not in that semester or semester does not contain that class), 500 (if assignment is not in that class or class does not contain this assignment)

Response: feedback id (Integer)
